Rename signed_root with signing_root (#885)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/core/0_beacon-chain.md

`def hash_tree_root(object: SSZSerializable) -> Bytes32` is a function for hashing objects into a single root utilizing a hash tree structure. `hash_tree_root` is defined in the [SimpleSerialize spec](https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-specs/blob/master/specs/simple-serialize.md#tree-hash).

### `signing_root`

> `def signing_root(object: SSZContainer) -> Bytes32` is a function defined in the [SimpleSerialize spec](https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-specs/blob/master/specs/simple-serialize.md#signed-roots) to compute signed messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`def signing_root(object: SSZContainer) -> Bytes32` is a function defined in the [SimpleSerialize spec](https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-specs/blob/dev/specs/simple-serialize.md#self-signed-containers) to compute signing messages.
```
